Update Readme.md (#881)
openrails/openrails: Docs/Readme.md

## Documentation

* [Read the FAQ](http://www.openrails.org/learn/faq/?utm_campaign=documentation&utm_source=readme&utm_medium=referral)

> * [Read the manual online](https://open-rails.readthedocs.io/en/1.5.1/) or the PDF included with the program, found in the main menu under "Documents"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Read the manual online](https://open-rails.readthedocs.io/en/latest/) or the PDF included with the program, found in the main menu under "Documents"
```

Makes the link always point to the latest documentation, so it does not need to be updated with each new release of OR.
